stroma	no-parenchyma	UBERON:0001777 ! substantia propria of cornea
stroma	no-parenchyma	UBERON:0001779 ! iris stroma
stroma	no-parenchyma	UBERON:0002337 ! endometrial stroma
stroma	no-parenchyma	UBERON:0004184 ! prostate gland stroma
stroma	no-parenchyma	UBERON:0005205 ! vagina stroma
stroma	no-parenchyma	UBERON:0005206 ! choroid plexus stroma
stroma	no-parenchyma	UBERON:0006960 ! ovary stroma
stroma	no-parenchyma	UBERON:0007195 ! stroma of bone marrow
stroma	no-parenchyma	UBERON:0010295 ! substantia propria of sclera
stroma	no-parenchyma	UBERON:0018234 ! stroma of pancreas
endochondral_bone	no-endochondral_cartilage	UBERON:0011238 ! mesethmoid bone
endochondral_bone	no-endochondral_cartilage	UBERON:0003221 ! phalanx
endochondral_bone	no-endochondral_cartilage	UBERON:0004530 ! bony projection
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003262 ! amniotic mesoderm
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003265 ! chorionic mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003312 ! mesenchyme of testis
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003314 ! eye mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003315 ! mesenchyme of ovary
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003316 ! mesenchyme of yolk sac
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003323 ! mesenchyme of upper jaw
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003324 ! mesenchyme of lower jaw
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003325 ! mesenchyme of pinna
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003328 ! mesenchyme of footplate
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003412 ! pelvic appendage bud mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003413 ! pectoral appendage bud mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003414 ! mesenchyme of mandible
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003415 ! mesenchyme of nasal septum
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003416 ! mesenchyme of tongue
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003417 ! mesenchyme of soft palate
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003418 ! mesenchyme of submandibular gland
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003419 ! mesenchyme of parotid
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003420 ! mesenchyme of sublingual gland
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003421 ! mesenchyme of vomeronasal organ
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003422 ! mesenchyme of umbilical cord
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003424 ! mesenchyme of hard palate
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003855 ! gonad mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003857 ! upper eyelid mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003858 ! lower eyelid mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003934 ! mesenchyme pectoral fin
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0003935 ! mesenchyme pelvic fin
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005323 ! mesonephric mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005689 ! 2nd arch mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005690 ! 3rd arch mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005691 ! 4th arch mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005692 ! manual digit 2 mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005693 ! manual digit 3 mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005694 ! manual digit 4 mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005695 ! manual digit 5 mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005696 ! pedal digit 2 mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005697 ! pedal digit 3 mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005698 ! pedal digit 4 mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005699 ! pedal digit 5 mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005702 ! optic eminence mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005704 ! secondary palatal shelf mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0005705 ! primary palate mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0006905 ! mandibular process mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009204 ! medial nasal process mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009205 ! lateral nasal process mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009477 ! associated mesenchyme of otic placode
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009482 ! associated mesenchyme of foregut-midgut junction
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009494 ! pharyngeal arch mesenchymal region
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009501 ! mesenchyme of fronto-nasal process
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009503 ! mesenchyme of hindgut
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009506 ! mesenchyme of middle ear
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009523 ! mesenchyme of handplate
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009526 ! maxillary process mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009538 ! mesenchyme of sublingual gland primordium
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009539 ! mesenchyme of submandibular gland primordium
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009584 ! 1st arch mandibular mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009585 ! interdigital region mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009602 ! left lung associated mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009603 ! right lung associated mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009751 ! cardiac mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009752 ! pancreas mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0009891 ! facial mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0010031 ! 6th arch mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0010042 ! 1st arch mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0010045 ! 1st arch maxillary mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0010328 ! limb bud mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0010329 ! paired limb/fin bud mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0010333 ! extraembryonic membrane mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0010562 ! pedal digit 1 mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0010564 ! manual digit 1 mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0011203 ! urachus mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0011803 ! feather bud, dermal component
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0013502 ! 5th arch mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0014711 ! carapacial ridge mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0015418 ! urethra mesenchymal layer
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0034995 ! jaw mesenchyme
mesenchyme	no-connective_tissue	UBERON:0036073 ! respiratory primordium mesenchyme
gland_acinus	no-gland_duct	UBERON:0001263 ! pancreatic acinus
gland_acinus	no-gland_duct	UBERON:0004000 ! tarsal gland acinus
gland_acinus	no-gland_duct	UBERON:0011847 ! acinus of parotid gland
gland_acinus	no-gland_duct	UBERON:0011854 ! acinus of areolar gland
gland_acinus	no-gland_duct	UBERON:0011857 ! acinus of lacrimal gland
gland_acinus	no-gland_duct	UBERON:0011858 ! acinus of exocrine gland
gland_acinus	no-gland_duct	UBERON:0013232 ! serous acinus
gland_acinus	no-gland_duct	UBERON:0014717 ! mucous acinus
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0001749 ! parenchyma of parathyroid gland
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0005158 ! parenchyma of central nervous system
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0005220 ! pancreas head parenchyma
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0005221 ! liver right lobe parenchyma
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0005222 ! liver left lobe parenchyma
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0005223 ! pancreas body parenchyma
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0005224 ! pancreas tail parenchyma
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0008870 ! pulmonary alveolar parenchyma
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0008946 ! lung parenchyma
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0008987 ! renal parenchyma
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:0034907 ! pineal parenchyma
no-stroma	parenchyma	UBERON:1000024 ! parenchyma of spleen
no-endochondral_bone	endochondral_cartilage	UBERON:0011769 ! cartilaginous projection
no-endochondral_bone	endochondral_cartilage	UBERON:0002213 ! cartilaginous joint
no-endochondral_bone	endochondral_cartilage	UBERON:0010885 ! hindlimb cartilage element
no-endochondral_bone	endochondral_cartilage	UBERON:0010881 ! limb cartilage element
no-endochondral_bone	endochondral_cartilage	UBERON:0008254 ! styliform cartilage
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003567 ! abdomen connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003568 ! neck connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003569 ! leg connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003570 ! respiratory system connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003572 ! chest connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003573 ! arm connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003580 ! lower respiratory tract connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003582 ! nasopharynx connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003583 ! larynx connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003585 ! dermis connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003586 ! trunk connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003592 ! bronchus connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003594 ! pelvis connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003595 ! pes connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003598 ! manus connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003599 ! tail connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003837 ! thoracic segment connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0003838 ! abdominal segment connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0004267 ! back connective tissue
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0015130 ! connective tissue of prostate gland
no-mesenchyme	connective_tissue	UBERON:0015791 ! digit connective tissue
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0002394 ! bile duct
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0002485 ! prostate duct
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0003928 ! digestive system duct
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0005903 ! duct of seminal vesicle
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0005904 ! duct of male reproductive system
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0006553 ! renal duct
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0010146 ! paraurethral duct
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0010150 ! duct of major vestibular gland
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0010151 ! duct of bulbourethral gland
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0011830 ! duct of lesser vestibular gland
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0011831 ! duct of vestibular gland
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0013075 ! venom gland duct
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0014719 ! intralobular duct
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0015151 ! Harderian gland duct
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0015445 ! anterior lingual gland duct
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0035073 ! duct of eccrine sweat gland
no-gland_acinus	gland_duct	UBERON:0035074 ! duct of apocrine sweat gland
